#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy,Phase-Implementation
= How to use flex-iframe =

 * First of all, read the [FAQ FAQ].
 * Get the library, 3 solutions:
    * Get a [http://code.google.com/p/flex-iframe/downloads/list swc build of the library].
    * Build it from the sources (see "How to build flex-iframe from the sources")
    * Use [http://code.google.com/p/flex-iframe/wiki/Maven Maven].
 * Drop it on your Flex project's libs/ directory
 * Start using it with the namespace
 {{{
 http://code.google.com/p/flex-iframe/
 }}}
 or by importing the package directly
 {{{
 import com.google.code.flexiframe.*;
 }}}
 * Modify your html template and add the parameter wmode="opaque" to the embeds. You can find examples by [http://code.google.com/p/flex-iframe/source/browse/trunk/examples/src/SimpleHtml/html-template/index.template.html viewing the source of the project's samples].


= How to build flex-iframe from the sources =

 * Check out the folder flexiframe/ as a project in Flex Builder/Eclipse.
 * Build the project.
 * The flexiframe.swc library file is in the build/ directory.


= How to run the examples =

 * First follow "How to build flex-iframe from the sources".
 * Check out the folders in examples/ as separate projects. Each of them is preconfigured to use the "flexiframe" project swc build directly (they will look for WORKSPACE/flexiframe/build/flexiframe.swc).

= For contributors =

 * Checkout the projects flexiframe/ and all the examples in your workspace, and make sure all the examples work before committing any changes.
 * There is a preconfigured launch configuration to generate the asdoc (asdoc.launch). Go to: Run > External Tools > External Tools Configurations, select "asdoc" and run it to update the documentation.
 * Before tagging a release, please make sure to generate the asdoc, and update the example builds.